Skip to Content
Sage.com Home
Request pricing
Fund accounting and grant management to scale your nonprofit

Sage Intacct with Ai

Drive greater impact with Sage Intacct for Nonprofits. Automatically track and manage every grant and fund—including restricted ones—across all programs and locations.
CFO
Fundraising Expenses
5%
Program Efficiency
72%
Administrative Expenses
22%
Services
Grants
Donations
Investment Income
Special Events
Revenue by Payor Mix
Memberships
Func.Exp with
Statement
Sage Copilot
Welcome back !
View insights or start a chat by using one of the following suggestions
Show budget variance analysis YTD
Run close assistant
Insights
New chat
Take a product tour
See an interactive walkthrough of real-time financial reporting, automated processes, fund accounting, and grant management specifically designed for nonprofits.

Step 1Step 2
Email address 

First name 

Last name 

Company or organization 

Next



The #1 choice for nonprofits

Explore how Sage Intacct can help your organization better pursue its mission.
Take a product tour

Nonprofit financials
Streamline fund accounting.

Reports and dashboards
Deep insights that show impact.

Dimensional general ledger
View your organization from any angle.

Native integrations
Connect with 200+ apps seamlessly.

Fast consolidations
Consolidate multiple locations fast.

Strategic planning
Advanced budgeting and forecasting.
Boost efficiency with native nonprofit features including fund accounting, grant tracking and billing, revenue recognition, and outcomes reporting.

 
Grant Manager
Additional Features

 ""
Nonprofit revenue recognition

Intelligent, automated, and compliant revenue management. 

Grant management and tracking

Improve the delivery, reimbursement, reporting, and audit of your grant awards.

Sage Intacct Fundraising

Optimize fundraising operations, cultivate lasting donor support, and automate tasks.
Why Sage Intacct is the best choice:

The AICPA's first and only preferred financial management solution.
Real-time visibility across every funding source with multi-dimensional reporting.
Fast consolidations—without the Excel headaches or manual busywork.
Connects with CRM, payroll, and fundraising tools seamlessly.
One integrated cloud platform to manage cash, grants, reporting, payroll, and more.
Centralizes and automates grant tracking for full transparency and control.
Customer Success Stories


“As a nonprofit, we don't have the luxury of a large staff or IT budget. We found Intacct to be superior for its depth of functionality, support for fund accounting, and overall flexibility, and automation capabilities.”
Stacie Porter
Director of Finance, Grace Fellowship Church 

“With Sage Intacct, we have improved productivity by 25% for our worldwide field operations and global finance teams and seen a revenue increase of 15%. This translates to added resources to reach an additional 100,000 children through our Literacy Program and 21,000 girls through our Girls' Education Program.”
Shari Freedman
CFO, Room to Read

 
FAQs
Can Sage Intacct handle grant management?
What are the features of Sage Intacct nonprofit accounting software?
Why does my organization need nonprofit accounting software?
Ready to find out more?

Just click the button below and an expert will be in touch to help you explore the right solutions.
Talk to an expert
Legal
Accessibility
Privacy notice and cookies
General data protection regulations
© Sage Group plc 2026